Vulnerabilities in Hub Architecture IoT Devices
Bogdan Alexandru Visan1, Jiyoon Lee2, Baijian Yang, Anthony H. Smith and Eric T. Matson
Computer and Information Technology
Purdue University
West Lafayette, Indiana, USA
{bvisan, lee1742, byang, ahsmith, ematson}@purdue.edu
Abstract— This paper introduces new methods for gaining
sensitive information from Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
Generally, manufacturers tend to forget about security when
putting a new product on the market, this notion does not
exclude IoT. This has been proven by current research using
simple techniques and devices to obtain unencrypted infor-
mation. Using similar attacks, the IoT hubs themselves was
chosen as a target instead of the devices connected to them.
Two different attacks will be used. First, using various methods
for snifﬁng Hub trafﬁc, we will attempt to gain credentials on
the uplink side. Secondly, port scans will be used to gain any
exploited services in order to obtain root access. After our
attempts, it was found that IoT hubs can be very susceptible to
tech savvy attackers using simple Man in the Middle attacks.
If network access was achieved, the security of ones home is
greatly compromised allowing intruders an 8-10 minute window
to enter a house undetected. Using modest methodologies,
consumers and companies can prevent future exploits.
I. INTRODUCTION
Internet of Things (IoT) is a novel paradigm that is
continually and rapidly evolving into a modern wireless
technology. This allows people to interact with things such as
lamps, sensors and doors. IoT already plays many roles such
as Intelligent Transportation System (ITS), business/process
management, Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN), and assisted
living [7].
The main idea of the IoT is to link things (or IoT devices)
which people use on a daily basis, and enable us to manage
household items remotely. By using the IoT technology,
people can easily manage both private and work devices in
a relatively secure environment. Obviously, as IoT devices
become more prevalent, consumers are more likely to use
this technology. In the perspective of individual users, there
are many possible IoT applications such as assisted living,
enhanced learning, and e-health. In the foreseeable future,
these applications will play more important roles in the
private area as well. This means IoT applications will be
available in commercial ﬁelds such as automation, industrial
manufacturing, logistics, and intelligent transportation for
business users [4].
Since 2008, National Intelligence Council (NIC) consid-
ered IoT to be a part of Disruptive Civil Technologies
because of its potential impact on US national power [5].
They said that in the future, Internet nodes reside in such ev-
eryday things as food packages, furniture, paper documents,
and more. Moreover, they also predict that Popular demand
combined with technology advances could drive widespread
diffusion of an Internet of Things (IoT) that could, like the
present Internet, contribute invaluably to our economy.
IoT devices are usually connected to a central hub that
sends speciﬁc instructions based on the users desire. If the
hub was compromised by an attacker, they could control all
the devices on the network by sending wrong instructions.
This means that the attacker can potentially control your
sensors, devices, and even your home. For example, lets
assume that a thief attacks your IoT system before breaking
into your home or ofﬁce. If they have access of it, the
thief may control door locks and alarms making a clean
escape easier. Moreover, if an IoT network is used in
a medical environment, having unauthorized access could
cause complications with patients. In NICs perspective, use
of IoT devices will be rampant in the near future, and it
directly affects our life. This is why securing the Internet of
Things must be a priority.
This paper will introduce possible vulnerabilities in current
IoT hubs and suggest novel solutions to any vulnerabilities
found. The remainder of the paper consists of as follows. In
Section 2, some previous works which have been done to ﬁnd
vulnerabilities of IoT systems and attack their connection
will be presented. A detailed description of methodologies
which was used to attack IoT system are given in Section
3. An experimental settings and results of experiments are
subject of Sections 4 and 5. Conclusions and clues of future
work are in the last section, Section 6.
II. RELATED WORK
IoT devices and control units use a wide range of wireless
protocols in order to communicate with each other. Protocols
such as ZigBee, Bluetooth, 6LowPAN, and Wi-Fi can all
used. However, these standards have vulnerabilities which
could expose a users private information to attackers.
ZigBee is one of the most popular standard used, as it
supports low data rates wireless connectivity designed for
short range low power devices [2]. Because of this, IoT
devices tend to use the ZigBee standard for wireless com-
munication. A drawback of ZigBee is the use of unencrypted
communication to make it easier for consumers. This means
an eavesdropper can capture packets and decode them using a
cheap ZigBee sniffer, KillerBee, and WireShark. [11] Replay
attacks are also possible as mentioned in [11] by sending
the same message with a higher frame counter. This can
be mitigated by using a timestamp along with the frame
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
978-1-5090-6196-9/17/$31.00 ©2017 IEEE
83
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
(a) Intercepting cloud commands
(b) Hub exploits
(c) Wireless attack
(d) Type of line in ﬁgure
Fig. 1: Methodologies
counter in the stack. [11] Radmand et al. also showed a
survey of existing threats in ZigBee and introduced two
different attacks; remote and physical to achieve the secret
key in the ZigBee connection [12]. This can be mostly
mitigated by encrypting the SKKE transactions [3]. In [6],
Dini and Tiloca propose security concerns in the Smart
Energy Proﬁle. For example, one of the concerns relate to
key management. When a device is suddenly disconnected,
ZigBees network key and link key are still retained and may
connect with peer devices. Dini and Tiloca also suggest a
possible approach as the solution. Vidgren et al. introduce
two practical attacks based on several vulnerabilities in the
main security components of ZigBee [15]. The ﬁrst attack
is a sort of Denial of Service attack. By sending a special
signal, they make the ZigBee device wake-up continually and
eventually make the battery run out. They suggest another
attack that is based on using the key exchange process in
ZigBee as well. Recently, Zillner measured vulnerabilities in
the ZigBee standard and ways to attack ZigBee devices [16].
The author points out that ZigBee communication is very
easily jammed and an attacker can get complete control of
system by enforcing a re-pair, thus snifﬁng the transmitted
network key.
Man-In-The-Middle (MITM) attacks usually happen be-
tween two parties. The attacker creates independent con-
nection with each party and makes the parties believe they
are communicating with each other. Two different Man-In-
The-Middle Bluetooth attacks were introduced by Haataja
and Toivanen [8]. In the ﬁrst methodology, they use a
vulnerability throughout the IO exchange during the ﬁrst
phase of Secure Simple Pairing. That is possible because
the exchange is done over an unsecured channel. In the
second attack they persuade the victim to choose a less
secure channel, but they need visual contact to the victims
device. Furthermore, battery exhaustion Denial of Service
attack (DoS) in Bluetooth can be used for IoT devices [10].
The attack is based on idea of that DoS attack can accelerate
battery consuming.
IPv6 over Low Power Wireless Personal Area Networks,
called 6LoWPAN, deﬁne a packet fragmentation mechanism
to support the transmission of IPv6 packets which have a
larger size than the maximum frame size. Hummen et al.
describe two attacks using the aforementioned mechanism;
the fragment duplication attack and the buffer reservation
attack. They also suggest two lightweight defense strategies;
the content chaining scheme and the split buffer approach [9].
Battery exhaustion attacks also directly affect 6LoWPANs
lifetime and service availability [13]. Moreover, there are a
number of routing attacks which are effective against 6LoW-
PAN networks such as Wormhole attacks, Sinkhole/Black
hole attacks, Selective forwarding, and Sybil attacks [13].
III. METHODOLOGY
This section describes two methodologies that were tested
in a lab environment. For both scenarios, a preliminary test
was conducted via a wired connection for proof of concept.
If proven successful, the experiment would be tried via
wireless connection. During wireless penetration testing, it
will be assumed that access to the APs broadcasted network
is achieved. This can be done via password cracking or
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
84
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
(a) DHCP Lease Allocation Process
(b) Client/Server Handshake
Fig. 2: DHCP Lease Allocation Process (a) and Client/Server Handshake (b)
social engineering. In [14], it was shown that from a simple
Wardriving experiment, 29% of people used no or outdated
security such as WEP. Stimpson et al. also shows how
easy it is to gain access to wireless networks using simple
and free tools. Our methods were chosen due to the innate
physical connection that smart hubs use to transfer sensitive
information.
The required hardware and software used for all experi-
ments include
• Cisco 1900 router appliance
• Cisco Catalyst 3650 PoE switch
• Cisco Aironet 1252AG AP
• Samsung SmartThings Hub x2
• Wireshark
• Kali (Metasploit, NMap)
Other conﬁgurations include having internet access. The
Cisco 1900 was conﬁgured with a DHCP server that leases IP
and DNS information. The Hubs network connection cannot
be manually conﬁgured locally and must be automatic before
working correctly.
A. Intercepting Cloud Commands
Our ﬁrst test used the Samsung SmartThings Hub paired
with a few devices such as a motion sensor, door sensor,
etc. The speciﬁc devices paired wont be as important in
the preliminary tests. The Hub was connected to a port on
the Cisco 3650 that was then mirrored for monitoring. A
computer capable of using Wireshark was plugged into the
mirrored port in order to sniff trafﬁc being sent and received
by the Hub. This is shown in Figure 1.a.
While monitoring trafﬁc, a user issued commands to the
Hub via smartphone from a controlled account. The packets
captured were analyzed for any decipherable information. We
expected to gain sensitive information such as credentials,
keys, or speciﬁc commands. This information could be used
to log into the original cloud account, taking control of the
Hub and its connected devices.
B. Hub Exploits
The second test was performed in a similar environment to
Figure 1.b. A SmartThings Hub was connected to the Cisco
3650 with basic devices paired to it. We tried to use the
tools that Kali provides in order to ﬁnd a back door into
the device. Being a low power IoT device, a Linux based
distribution is likely to run on the Hub. A computer running
Kali was connected to the same Cisco 3650. NMap was used
to ﬁnd any vulnerable service ports. Using this information,
Metasploit can be applied to exploit any vulnerabilities.
Once root access was achieved, the dd command can be
used to clone the ﬁrmware bit by bit to a second Samsung
SmartThings Hub. This would cause both Hubs to have the
same unique ID, which can be used to hijack the paired
devices. In the event that copying the ﬁrmware would not
work, root access could be achievable and might be used to
gain sensitive information or manually send commands.
C. Wireless Attacks
Since attackers are most likely not going to have physical
access to devices, our tests included a wireless Man-In-The-
Middle (MITM) attack with the same above-mentioned ex-
periments. Our experiment conﬁguration is shown in Figure
1.c. Since the Hub relies heavily on internet access using
DCHP, we would attempt to trick the device using ARP cache
poisoning.
Assuming the target network has a wireless network and
we were able to connect to it, Kali would be used to conduct
the MITM attack. Using the arpspoof command, we could
attempt to sniff the Hubs trafﬁc. This would allow us to
retrieve sensitive information while the user unsuspectingly
goes about their day.
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
85
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
Fig. 3: Samsung SmartThings hub and sensors.
IV. EXPERIMENT
Samsung SmartThings ﬁrst generation package was used
to conduct experiments. The package contains SmartThings
hub and various sensors such as motion sensor, outlet, arrival
sensor, and multipurpose sensors (see Fig. 3.).
While little information about the inner workings of the
Hub can be found online, using Wireshark can show us
what is going on. As soon as the Hub is powered on and
connected via Ethernet cable to a switch port, the DHCP
Lease Allocation Process begins as shown in Fig. 2 (a).
If a DHCP server is not located on the network, the Hub
will continually reboot, restarting the DHCP process. As a
result of tests, we were not able to statically set an IP address
to the Hub. Since the Hub is a cloud device, internet access
along with DNS information must also be included in the
DHCP lease.
Once the hub successfully has internet access, and is able
to resolve one of many Amazon AWS Servers leased to
Samsung, it proceeds to generate the session key between
itself and the server. This step is required in order for the
Hub to securely communicate with the Cloud and function
normally. Fig. 2 (b) shows the Client/Server Handshake.
Looking at each packet carefully, it was observed that
the Hub uses the Difﬁe-Hellman Key Exchange to generate
session keys, RSA public key algorithm to verify certiﬁcates
using an RSA key size of 1024, AES128 Encryption with
Cipher Block Chaining, and lastly SHA1 data validation. The
certiﬁcate used for all SmartThings Hubs are self-signed by
Samsung and expire in 2025.
The normal operation of the hub consists of sending TCP
Keepalive messages every 10 seconds repeatedly unless data
is being sent instead. At 60 second intervals, Application
Data is being transmitted for which is assumed to be status
updates to the Cloud. If the Hub is physically unplugged or
unable to reach the server, a notiﬁcation will be sent to the
user within 8-10 minutes after the time of disconnect. The
functionality of the Hub is important to keep in mind, as this
process was used to our advantage.
V. EXPERIMENT AND RESULT
A. Forging Certiﬁcates (SSLsplit)
Since the Hub, and other IoT Cloud devices rely on using
certiﬁcates to communicate with the Cloud, the ﬁrst trial of
experiments were attempting to inject a known certiﬁcate.
SSLsplit is a tool that can be installed on most Linux
distros and generates self-signed certiﬁcates on the ﬂy. In our
environment, a laptop with Kali Linux installed was used. As
a control, SSLsplit was tested on a victims laptop to see if
certiﬁcates were being injected properly. Before SSLsplit can
work, a known certiﬁcate and key was generated using the
following commands.
• openssl genrsa -out ca.key 1024
• openssl req -new -x509 -days 1826 -key ca.key -out
ca.cer
IP forwarding and NAT rules were enabled to redirect
packets destined for the victims device. Port 80 & 443 were
chosen since they were commonly used by the Hub and client
computers. This makes our computer act like a transparent
proxy.
• sysctl -w net.ipv4.ip forward=1
• iptables -t nat -F
• iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp –dport 80 -j
REDIRECT –to-ports 8080
• iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp –dport 443 -j
REDIRECT –to-ports 8443
Using arpspoof, initializing a Man in the Middle attack
is possible. The command is very easy to run, and anyone
with network access can accomplish it.
• arpspoof t victims ip r gateways ip
Now the victims device is passing all trafﬁc through our
Kali machine and it makes running SSLsplit possible.
• ./sslsplit -D -l connections.log -j /tmp/sslsplit/ -S logdir/
-k ca.key -c ca.cer ssl 0.0.0.0 8443 tcp 0.0.0.0 8080
After running the attack, we conﬁrmed that our forged
certiﬁcate was replacing veriﬁed ones on the victims laptop.
Going to sites like https://www.chase.com allowed us to log
the connection and anything that was submitted. While this
attack worked, the victim would certainly know something
was wrong since the self-signed certiﬁcate was not trusted.
Following the aforementioned steps against the Hub, the
attack proved unsuccessful at reading encrypted data. While
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
86
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
we tried to copy as much information from Samsungs
certiﬁcate into our own, the signature Samsungs Hub was
expecting did not match. After 8-10 minutes during the at-
tack, the Hub timed out since it could no longer communicate
with the Cloud.
B. Removing Certiﬁcates (SSLstrip)
The Hub did not accept a forged certiﬁcate, so removing
it all together was the next step. In order to do this, we used
SSLstrip, a tool that can be installed on most Linux distros.
For our experiments, we used the same Kali machine and
tested it against a victims laptop.
Same as before, we used arpspoof in order to achieve a
Man in the Middle scenario.
• arpspoof t victims ip r gateways ip
The NAT rules are conﬁgured in order to act as a trans-
parent proxy to the victims device. Make sure the following
rule is added if not already there.
• iptables -t nat -A PREROUTING -p tcp –dport 80 -j
REDIRECT –to-ports 8080
Lastly, the SSLstrip command was executed to listen in
on the redirected port. This allows us to see any data that is
captured.
• sslstrip l 8080
Unfortunately, this attack was difﬁcult to perform on a
laptop computer since many websites and browsers are fully
aware they are being cheated. When attempting this attack on
the Hub, we observed similar results as injecting certiﬁcates.
The Hub times out after 8-10 minutes and alerts the user as
expected. We could not read any Application Data.
C. Brute Forcing (Hydra)
In order to ﬁnd open ports and potential exploits, the
Metasploit framework along with Nmap included in Kalis
Toolbox were used. Armitage is an easy to use GUI that can
run Nmap and Metasploit. Using a terminal window, execute
armitage. It was observed that Telnet port 23 was open on
the Samsung Hub. Although the Hub does not support Telnet
or raw socket access for users [1], this gave us an opportunity
to run password cracking techniques using Hydra, another
powerful tool included with Kali.
To use Hydra, simply execute xhydra in a terminal
window. This will bring up a GUI to easily input parameters.
At this point, the IP address was chosen as the target, and
a small password text ﬁle for testing proof of concept. As a
result of several trials, each password tried was considered
valid. This is because the Hub did not output any error
response, which Hydra relies on determining validation of
passwords accurately. The Hub would just prompt for another
password whether or not it was correct. To ﬁx this, changes
were made in the source code of Hydra to accommodate
for the error case. This is shown in Fig.4. After putting a
test password into the original version of Hydra, the Hydra
checks the ﬁrst returned output and if it returns null, Hydra
considers the password invalid. However, the Hub just shows
the same sentence, Password: when the password is incorrect.
Therefore, the checking mechanism should be changed to
check if the ﬁrst line of output contains Password:.
Running this attack did not prove ineffective, as a large
password dictionary can be easily used to gain Telnet access.
Since this would take a lot of time and clock cycles to
complete, it would be more efﬁcient to conduct Denial of
Service attacks instead. Having ports open are major security
concerns, thus Samsung should consider disabling Telnet
unless necessary. Although, it is viable that the password is
changed periodically to combat this type of attack. It would
be very easy to modify once it is securely connected to the
SmartThings server.
D. Denial of Service (hping3)
Having failed in obtaining data from the Hub, we decided
that causing a major failure would still prove successful.
Being a small device, ﬂooding the Hub with TCP SYN
messages seemed viable. In our experiments we were able
to see results when connected via wired connection. But in
the real world, an attacker would most likely be across the
street.
The tool of choice was hping3, located in the Kali package.
This program is able to send ﬂood messages as fast as the
attackers computer can handle. Once the IP of the hub was
found, the following command was executed in a terminal
window.
• hping3 -c 100000 -d 120 -S -w 64 -p 21 –ﬂood –rand-
source target ip
At the time of the attack, a Wireshark capture was being
taken and the program was unable to process the amount of
packets coming per second. This attack proved to be suc-
cessful when conditions and processing power were correct.
Although, using two wireless cards on different computers
were still not enough to bring down the hub via wireless
connection. We did notice latency in using the IoT devices,
but nothing major.
E. Denial of Service (iptables)
After the failure of the previous attacks, we took what
we had and worked with it. In our Man in the Middle
experiments, we noted that the Hub would time out and alert
the user in around 8-10 minutes. It was also noted that all
communications and alerts were not sending even though the
Hub knew about the incident. This led us to ﬁnd the simplest
way an attacker can disrupt normal operations of the Hub.
Simply black holing the Hubs trafﬁc with arpspoof and IP
Forwarding disabled made the Hub lose connection to the
Cloud. Once the attack began, the sensors connected to the
Hub stopped responding to the mobile application, although
they were still connected using 802.15.4.
• sysctl -w net.ipv4.ip forward=0
• arpspoof t victims ip r gateways ip
VI. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
From our experiments, we decided to focus on the security
aspect of IoT Hubs as a whole. Because Samsung has one
of the best Smart Home appliances, it is generally the most
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
87
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
Fig. 4: Modiﬁed hydra-telnet.c code.
secure. In the lab environment, we primarily used a door and
motion sensor. After arming the devices, the user would get
a notiﬁcation that an intrusion was detected if the sensors
were disturbed. For example, a door opening, or movement
in the home.
When connected to the wireless network, we black-holed
the trafﬁc on the Hub, thus losing the ability to contact the
Cloud servers. When manipulating the sensors, the Smart-
Things mobile app showed all clear. After 8-10 minutes,
Samsungs Servers notiﬁed the user that the Hub went ofﬂine.
In a potential real world scenario, an attacker could inﬁltrate
a homes wireless network, physically break in, and have
an 8-minute window without tripping any alarm. Once the
attackers left, the Hub would then notify the user of the
intrusion after the fact. As more consumers start making their
homes smarter, potential weaknesses in current protocols
could prove worse than current home security systems.
After numerously attempting novel attacks, the Samsung
SmartThings Hub proved to be quite robust. Although it has
its pitfalls, we feel that relying on the Hubs home security
features would be risky. Still one could argue that using
a strong WPA2 home wireless password is the simplest
solution. Without network access, an attacker would not
be able to conduct the previous attacks mentioned above.
Another viable defense strategy for stopping Man in the
Middle attacks would have manufacturers include static ARP
Tables. This may involve some user interaction during ﬁrst
time setup, but the possibility of having attackers spoof the
Hub would be minimized greatly.
REFERENCES
[1] SmartThings developer documentation SmartThings developer docu-
mentation.
[2] Standard: ZigBee PRO speciﬁcation | the ZigBee alliance.
[3] Cristina Alcaraz and Javier Lopez. A security analysis for wireless
sensor mesh networks in highly critical systems. 40(4):419–428.
[4] Luigi Atzori, Antonio Iera, and Giacomo Morabito. The internet of
things: A survey. 54(15):2787–2805.
[5] N. Council. Six technologies with potential impacts on us interests
out to 2025.
[6] Gianluca Dini and Marco Tiloca.
Considerations on security in
zigbee networks. In Sensor Networks, Ubiquitous, and Trustworthy
Computing (SUTC), 2010 IEEE International Conference on, pages
58–65. IEEE.
[7] Daniel Giusto, Antonio Iera, Giacomo Morabito, and Luigi Atzori.
The Internet of Things: 20th Tyrrhenian Workshop on Digital Com-
munications. Springer Science & Business Media. Google-Books-ID:
vUpiSRc0b7AC.
[8] Keijo Haataja and Pekka Toivanen. Two practical man-in-the-middle
attacks on bluetooth secure simple pairing and countermeasures.
9(1):384–392.
[9] Ren Hummen, Jens Hiller, Hanno Wirtz, Martin Henze, Hossein
Shafagh, and Klaus Wehrle.
6lowpan fragmentation attacks and
mitigation mechanisms. In Proceedings of the sixth ACM conference
on Security and privacy in wireless and mobile networks, pages 55–66.
ACM.
[10] Benjamin R. Moyers, John P. Dunning, Randolph C. Marchany, and
Joseph G. Tront. Effects of wi-ﬁand bluetooth battery exhaustion
attacks on mobile devices. In System Sciences (HICSS), 2010 43rd
Hawaii International Conference on, pages 1–9. IEEE.
[11] Olayemi Olawumi, Keijo Haataja, Mikko Asikainen, Niko Vidgren,
and Pekka Toivanen. Three practical attacks against zigbee security:
Attack scenario deﬁnitions, practical experiments, countermeasures,
and lessons learned. In Hybrid Intelligent Systems (HIS), 2014 14th
International Conference on, pages 199–206. IEEE.
[12] Pedram Radmand, Marc Domingo, Jaipal Singh, Joan Arnedo, Alex
Talevski, Stig Petersen, and Simon Carlsen.
ZigBee/ZigBee PRO
security assessment based on compromised cryptographic keys.
In
P2P, Parallel, Grid, Cloud and Internet Computing (3PGCIC), 2010
International Conference on, pages 465–470. IEEE.
[13] Rabia Riaz, Ki-Hyung Kim, and H. Farooq Ahmed. Security analysis
survey and framework design for ip connected lowpans. In 2009 In-
ternational Symposium on Autonomous Decentralized Systems, pages
1–6. IEEE.
[14] T. Stimpson, L. Liu, J. Zhang, R. Hill, W. Liu, and Y. Zhan. Assess-
ment of security and vulnerability of home wireless networks. In Fuzzy
Systems and Knowledge Discovery (FSKD), 2012 9th International
Conference on, pages 2133–2137, May 2012.
[15] Niko Vidgren, Keijo Haataja, Jose Luis Patino-Andres, Juan Jose
Ramirez-Sanchis, and Pekka Toivanen. Security threats in ZigBee-
enabled systems: vulnerability evaluation, practical experiments, coun-
termeasures, and lessons learned. In System Sciences (HICSS), 2013
46th Hawaii International Conference on, pages 5132–5138. IEEE.
[16] Tobias Zillner and S. Strobl. ZigBee ExploitedThe good, the bad and
the ugly. version.
2017 14th IEEE Annual Consumer Communications & Networking Conference (CCNC)
88
Authorized licensed use limited to: The Libraries at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. Downloaded on January 25,2026 at 15:22:04 UTC from IEEE Xplore.  Restrictions apply. 
